So now to come to an end in this module I want to make sure that we also save orders on a server.
And of course that we fetched him from there as well.
Now we have two orders action creator here and there we can again take advantage of redux thunk and
return our function here which gets that dispatch function which should be a synchronous with the async
keyword so that we can use async await.
And in that function here which we return ultimately of course I will dispatch my action object.
But before we do that we can now send the request to store that order on a server and we can borrow
that request from the products action creator there.
It's not really a big difference of whether we create a product or an order so we can copy this entire
product creation code here all the way up to your and moved it over to the orders.
Jazz fall now of course you can also add error handling here.
I'm not having it here.
One thing I want to at least add is that I don't get a check if the response is not okay.
In which case I'm one of fro And you error.
Something went wrong but that should not be the focus here because we covered error handling and loading
spinners not read the part.
I want to focus on here instead.
Let's make sure that we're sending this request to the right address and that should not be the product
node.
But let's say the orders note which kind of makes sense I guess because.
Well we want to store our orders maybe we all want to store our orders specific to that user so we could
stored it at slash orders slash you one which is my dummy user I.D. I assume here later that we'll be
different later we'll have a real I.D. here at the Nemec I.D..
For now let's just hard code this here so that we have some sub folder 1 sub folder per user later.
It should be a post request because we're adding where appending some new data we're adding a new order.
This had or needs to be set.
And of course the data we're sending is different though there.
I want to send my card items and my total amount and one other important thing the date of the order
I want to send my data here converted to a string with two ISO string on the date object.
So did we create does locally in the app and then we save the timestamp on the server.
Now in your app you also might want to do that date creation on the server but since this course shouldn't
focus on service site programming we'll just do it here and send it to the server and not worry too
much about what else a server could do for us.
Instead let's do all the things here and just send that finished timestamp to the server.
Now it is will add a order here and once we're done we get back our response data which will include
that automatically generated I.D. If you remember we did that on the product creation as well.
So therefore now when we add a order we of course forward our items in the amount.
But now I also want to forward the idea which I get from rest data not name.
That's the same logic we used when we created a product and there's one additional thing my date snapshot
of course should be the same as created here.
So actually what I'll do is I will create my snapshot here date with new date and then use this constant
here to create my string version and use the same constant here to forwarded with my order data.
So here date refers to the state constant.
So today value is wanted the same time stamp both locally in my data managed with redux which is the
data I work with here in this running app and of course also have the same timestamp on the server which
is the data I will load into future or other devices will load and now we just need to work on these
orders reducer for ad order.
The idea is not something I get from outside.
So here I have ordered data data I.D. because that's what we're forwarding here.
It's that automatically generated ideas firebase gives us and the day does all the received from outside
here we can now use order data dot data like this and with that we have all the logic to hopefully add
an order.
Now let's go back here and add this to the cart and click order now just seems to work if we go back
we now see orders note here on firebase with a U 1 sub folder for our user with the generated unique
idea and in there the order data with the timestamp with the price with the card items which was this
one white shirt and that all doesn't look too bad I'd say.